c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\bin\Debug\learnWPF.exe.config
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\bin\Debug\learnWPF.exe
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\bin\Debug\learnWPF.pdb
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\learnWPF.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\learnWPF_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\learnWPF_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\learnWPF.g.resources
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\learnWPF.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\learnWPF.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\learnWPF.exe
c:\users\amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\learnWPF.pdb
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\MainMenu.g.cs
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\MainMenu.baml
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\Window2.g.cs
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\Window2.baml
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\Window3.g.cs
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\Window3.baml
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\controlls\Bla.g.cs
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\Window4.g.cs
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\controlls\Bla.baml
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\Window4.baml
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\controlls\MazeControl.g.cs
C:\Users\Amir\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\learnWPF\learnWPF\obj\Debug\controlls\MazeControl.baml
